# Veer's Project - Personal Wiki

### Background
Everyday millions of people around the world lose someone they love dearly.
Along with that person we lose a wealth of stories, from early life to adulthood, to their
personal history, successes, failures, controversies, and unique perspectives on the world at large. 

I want to create software that will allow my family and friends to 
document, read, and own their personal history; archiving each page for posterity, 
and more specifically, the benefit of subsequent generations.

### Project Information

This project will be a Java GUI where a user can create their own personal wiki article. 
Each article will have a personal information section generated by responses to a series of user-specific prompts.
From there on, users can create new topics for their page (ex. childhood, career, personal philosophy)
and write to their preferred length for each. If anything changes, these topics along with personal information
will be editable in perpetuity. After they are satisfied, they can read their own page or search for 
other loved ones to learn more about through the lens of their personal Wiki.


### *User Stories*

- As a user, I want to be able to create a new Personal Wiki page
- As a user, I want to be able to fill out my personal information section
- As a user, I want to be able to add new topics to my page
- As a user, I want to be able to write entries for these topics
- As a user, I want to be able to edit my article entries in case of error
- As a user, I want to be able to see my completed page
- As a user, I want to be able to search for other user's pages
- As a user, I want to be able to read other users' pages